On Monday at doctors, people give out a new computer. We do it to do art with cool shape and black. I feel really happy. Later, we all lunch with my doctors and tell about the new timetable.
Today, people take me to a outside place about gardening at doctors. We plant flowers and vegetable under the sun; it is hot but fun! After work, we drink juice here in the garden feeling tired so happy.
On Sunday afternoon, Mum say "we go car park" with Dad questions a place to town to buy trousers at clothes shop before back home we listen tv... At supermarket, Mum buy vegetable meal; Dad get some; some new stuff with me people happy.
At home on Saturday, I help Mum cook lunch in the kitchen. We make chicken stew with vegetable and bake a cake, the meal is nice; I feel I'm fine and happy to eat it later on.
In hospital yesterday with my friends, we do a art Time. We put paint and make a big red triangle on paper. The Educational staff tell, "I like it!" I feel happy and happy.
On Wednesday, my brother and I sports with stuff in the lounge. stuff, my it break and I feel sad. I ask he, "Can you put it?" He take tools and put the it, and I feel happy again.
On Sunday afternoon, Dad tell we go to a cycling ride at the countryside; Outside place under tree from walk tired but happy Time with Dad last month good.
Today in the dining room, Mum give breakfast cereal with fruit; "I am I drink," I say. We eat with some about my my day places; my family make me happy; breakfast over.
At work on Thursday in sports Timetable today friends down; bad; support staff help up walk slow feeling good later we all lunch post office eat sandwich tell week funny Educational staff fun day over.
Yesterday afternoon in the bedroom with my sister feeling bored; she say let bake cake; we more spoon sugar fruit blend! She say "Cut up food!" Cake ready eat tell funny after in kitchen it make I happy.
On Saturday morning in the garden, Mum and Dad do gardening I help out. We plant and potato under the. Feeling make me happy. After work, we down with a drink, about my day.
At work on Monday with Educational staff some boccia sports; do not Support staff say Time away! Later meal chicken nuggets drink milkshake tell about weekend sports hear funny and a day.
On Friday at home, I iPad the computer to look at my some. I tell my brother, but he say, "I can not find what I want to see." I sad a sad. find some a holiday, and we nice at this. We and happy again.
On Tuesday at work school or college, I put a a meal with cheese burger and chips lunch. My friends ask, "What that?" and I tell they it my favorite food. They say, "I like it!" Later, we sports toys break Time and fun.
Today in school or college art place with Educational staff, people get computer control to make picture this wild animal same zebra which whale. My picture wrong some time; I say 'ouch'. Educational staff help me put it; feeling nice after.
Yesterday, at home with my Dad, we do to make the computer. We get tools but can not find it, so I feel bad. I ask Dad a later and he tell Mum; she help find it in the dining room. We make computer and all work well again; we happy.
On Saturday at the beach, my friends and I go in the water. My bag get wet, and I feel sad! My friends help me dry with fabric; after we do football on garden. Later, we eat snack with drink in garden feeling good.
On holiday with family feeling lucky! Open christmas present same toys feeling happy! Mum cook meat meal fun with tree feeling lucky.
On Birthday this my brother yesterday at home, people family come to eat cake say "Happy Birthday!". He get new bike ride garden all! Friends really; brother feeling really happy!
At town on Wednesday, the Educational staff tell you about a timetable art idea. We paint with cool idea and glitter. I feel fun! My friends and I do really nice idea with Computer control. After, we all happy to see it art idea in the hall.
On Saturday morning in the dining room, Mum say today we cook cake; Dad with me fry spoon up fruit and cream and sugar. I can not again! After lunch cook chicken nuggets some meal; after we all eat cake happy!
Today outside place from supermarket my friends can look boccia Timetable! Mum Support staff busy Family can Sports tools restaurant juice 'right on!' I feel lucky say 'right'!
Special day hospital Family go foot Physio appointment Doctor say 'busy nose medicine body some Family say idea up Doctor idea holiday tired lunch new day time home Support staff up right.'
Yesterday afternoon at work, the Support staff make idea with the computer mouse. He ask Educational staff some help. They make it, and friends I am fun again. Later that day, we all eat a snack from the office kitchen.
Today in the market with Dad and Mum, we buy vegetable and meat. I want to buy tomato juice but Mum say not today; feeling sad a. Later that day, we cook a big meal; Mum let me grate cheese some the salad! Feeling really happy after that meal.
On the weekend in my room, I want to put new picture but I feel confused about top place shape up tools to get it! Dad say ok take Support staff put it safe stairs feeling important Dad later
On Tuesday at work, Mum make lunch with pasta, fruit, and tomato sauce. In my room, I can not find my fork in my bag; I am feeling bad. I ask my friends some help. A friends give me more fork, and I eat my lunch happy.
On Sunday morning at home with Mum and friends; we bake in kitchen fun! My friends make cream butter on hand funny! Time later day with some cup; Eat some drink hot chocolate all happy!
Yesterday at outside place on bike ride with Family Pet care pet dog walk here sun it is hot! Later lunch sandwich salad cold drink apple juice people good tell some dog Support staff water make again again.
Over lunch at work today, I eat pasta with tomato sauce and drink some fizzy drink. Right away, I feel a little sick; it is not good. My support staff help me to get to doctors right away. After finished at home but quiet tired.