It was Friday at work with Support staff. I feel sick and say, "I need my medicine." The education staff help me go to the hospital. After medicine, I get home and feel good. I sleep on my bed.
Sunday in my room on the computer. The monitor go black; I can not find what I want to say and feel afraid. tell me, maybe Communication aid need make. Friend come over to help make it; computer do again.
Tuesday meal, garden field with friend play football. Friend put thing hard, face, I feel ouch! Say, "why you do that?" They sorry and give I love you, feeling good after that and sports listen.
Christmas day with family at home. Dad cook breakfast; I feel happy but I'm hungry and say, "I'm hungry!" Mum give me bacon and toast. We all have breakfast same. Christmas day It is fun with gift and meal.
School/college lunch with work people in the dining room. I sit down with burger and juice feeling full and say, "I like it." Friend give fizzy drink on trousers; It is funny but dirty. Education staff help clean up, feeling here after that.
Weekend, I play rugby with brother in field. He win play; I feel angry and say, "Can we play again?" This time I win and happy. We all tired but it was nice play.
Today in supermarket, I help Mum. She tell, "Can you get milk and toast?" I look here feeling confused; so lot things! Ready find it and feel good. Home with snack and have snack.
Sunday breakfast with family, Mum bake pancakes and bacon. I feel full after eat. Dad tell, " Go car park." We have sun and fun outside place. Later sit at home.
New Year home party before night, it was loud and funny! Friend tell, "Happy New Year!" We drink fizzy drink and eat cake. Feel tired but happy this today. It was a special day!
School/college was busy yesterday. I see friend, we talk, "What have you been doing?" He tell, "I'm hungry." We eat lunch at restaurant with chips and sandwich. It was fun.
It was my Birthday with friend at home. Mum bake cake; it was fun and nice. Friend give some gift, feeling happy! We play with toys, a lot, but feeling tired after party.
day in garden under sun feeling nice. Dad do gardening I look insect like caterpillar and bee. We bake later with flowers some; look after that!
Wednesday cook lasagna with Mum in kitchen at home. I feel confused about some; Mum help with meat and pasta. meal was nice and family eat meal feeling after all done clean!
Saturday at pet shop, I with Mum buy some cat. The place was busy; I feel confused. Mum say, “get this and go." After buy, we go home and I chill out on my bed feeling happy.
Friday night in lounge with family look TV. Dad turn TV Volume Down I feel bored and say, "I want to look film." Mum put funny film on my DVD’s; they feel and happy after that.
It was Saturday day, and I feeling sick with a headache. Mum say me to the doctor. The go to the hospital take so long; I feel bored. The doctor tell, "You need medicine." Feel good after have it, and we go home.
In the garden, Mum plant vegetables like tomato and cucumber. I feel confused and ask, "Can I help?" And we tools like paper can and shovel. Look clean and pretty after work finish; I feel happy.
Sunday family breakfast with bacon and toast in lounge. Mum put juice feeling bad; she tell, "I am sorry." Dad help clean up with sponge and tea towel; feeling good after clean up! eat breakfast talk about the day.
It at work busy in office with all paper on desk. Feel tired; go in my room to drink. Drink coffee feeling good; lady come tell "Go!" go to work finish feeling finish.
At School/college, Mum tell "it on bird." I feel afraid but I can not find what I want to tell. School/college work help me with bird, like parrot, robin, and owl. Finish it feeling good! Mum tell well all done.
Weekend to field with family; see tiger, elephant, giraffe, feel! Brother tell "Look there!" at zebra. Say "Wow!" Mum buy snack like crisps and fizzy drink; It is fun but tired. Go home after field.
At work with education staff, I work on the computer. Computer break; I can not find what I want to say, feel afraid. Friend some help, they get computer and I feel good. We finish work after that and talk about the day.
Today in supermarket with Mum; she buy vegetables like carrot and broccoli. I help she look milk and cheese; feel confused but find it! Go to some money; Mum tell "Thank you." We go home cook lunch.
play football weekend with work at garden. It is fun, but I get feel ouch! tell work "Go easy." He say sorry; It is and we all tired after. We sit down drink juice and talk It is.
It was Sunday, cook breakfast at home with Mum. She fry bacon and toast, feel happy but I'm hungry want and say, "I'm hungry." Mum give me more bacon and toast. After breakfast, we go to garden flowers; feel nice.
Monday at School/college with Support staff, feeling sick. "I need my medication," I say. They help me at the hospital, and after I feel good. The day was busy, but I get home and sleep; feeling I'm fine again.
Friday in the library with friend, we read book about wild animal like zebra and tiger. Feeling tired but I like it; ask “What do you think?" Friend tell "Really." We talk about the book after.
At weekend field with Mum and Dad; weather hot. "This day my favorite," I tell family. We play in water, and have fun with people here; drink juice. Feel tired after long, some eat before go home.
Christmas eve in my room put gift to family. Feeling fun to Christmas day and all gift! Mum tell me to to eat; eat favorite food like turkey and potato feeling happy with family on special day.
work lunch in dining room with friend; I like it pasta and juice. Friend put some on trousers; feel angry but say later! Tell "Can you clean that please?" Support staff help clean, feeling good again.
Saturday meal with family at dining room; have roast dinner. Feel full but happy! Dad tell lot, all make loud; funny. After meal, we go lounge to chill out.
Sunday lunch at field with friend; make sandwich and juice. Weather was light; feel nice lunch time! Friend tell, funny; all make and eat some. Head back home tired but happy.
Friday night, family home play bake with brother and sister. Brother win, I feel angry and say, "Play again." This time I win; people feel happy and fun night all!
Weekend, garden with Dad and Mum bake field. Feeling happy but some cake ; I tell, " Don't burn it." Mum make, we bake lot. All like cake with chocolate milkshake.
Monday at School/College with Help busy day. I feel tired and ask, "Can I have a break?" Communication aid turn on my DVD’s; watch a favorite film. Feel good and ready to work after.

Friday night in kitchen cook lasagna with Dad. Feel good but confused; Dad help with pasta and tomato sauce. The meal turn out nice! Family eat meal happy and fun Night talk.
Saturday in garden, Mum gardening cabbage and tomato. Feel bored but some help; talk insect like caterpillar and bee! After work go, have snack with fizzy drink feel nice.
Weekend breakfast at home; Mum cook bacon, porridge toast. Put juice on table; family sit eat. Feel full but happy! After meal, Dad say need help put bike feel good work.
Sunday play sports in the field with brother was fun! He win feel angry, say "Play again?". This time win happy! Sit drink orange juice with friend chill out after.
Today walk brother at field see bird like parrot and goose! Feel tell brother look duck pretty!! After walk sit down drink strawberry milkshake day good after.
Monday talk Education staff School/college talk Timetable important stuff feel bored!! Day long lunch sandwich apple juice School/college people talk ready finish go.
Tuesday at supermarket with Mum, I feel confused. Tell "Help find milk and cheese," she tell. Look paper, find juice, tea towel feel fun. Go home cook meal spaghetti and meat. meal all happy.
Wednesday day off work to supermarket shop with Mum; look cake and toast. Feel confused ask Mum "What to buy?" She tell "Turkey pie." Get supermarket feel here after supermarket nice!
Friday night birthday at friend at home nice! Eat cake, drink milkshake, feel fun!! gift pretty and friend tell "Happy Birthday!" I feel good and tired night here.
On Tuesday breakfast cereal with banana at dining room was!! I was some ask Mum “Can I have more?” She say make bacon so eat full after meal feel good!
friend busy but talk "What do you think?" Juice let on jeans; feel angry! Support staff help clean up, friend say sorry after all feel good.
Friday at work in the office with friend. Computer break; I can not find what I want to say; feel afraid. Friend help put it, now it. Finish work feeling good.
Today in the garden with Dad, we plant flowers. Feel confused about what to do; I need some help. Dad tell, and we work nice! Finish late after tired but.
Weekend breakfast with family in the dining room. Mum cook pancakes and bacon; I like it but say, "I'm hungry." Mum give more; feeling full and happy. Go out play in the garden after.
Sunday lunch at home with Mum and Dad; have beef sandwich! Dad pour juice on table; feel bad but after. Clean up with feeling music.
At work on Monday with Education staff. They busy, I feel bored. "I need some help," I say. Friend say “play football.” We play garden, feeling happy after, tired but nice.
Saturday bake cake with Mum in home kitchen. I feel happy but confused; Mum help with stuff. Cake make out nice! Family eat it, feeling good and full.
Weekend breakfast with family at the dining room table. Mum cook bacon and toast, I drink orange juice and feel full. Dad pour juice on the here; feeling bad but out clean it up. Family say sorry and we all feel good.
Sunday today in the garden to plant vegetables like carrot and lettuce. Mum help, feeling confused but happy to tell gardening. It is work, we drink fizzy drink and eat a snack; feeling good.
Friday night at restaurant with family. We eat pizza and drink milkshake; I feel happy! Dad pour tomato sauce on me; feeling angry but after we all my about it. Family night out make fun!
I eat sandwich and chips, but pour juice on trousers; feeling angry and say, "Clean that!" Support staff help, feeling again after.
On Saturday at home in the kitchen, Dad cook spaghetti. I pour milkshake on the sink feeling bad; Mum help clean. We eat some, feeling happy after. Weekend was busy but fun with family.
Friday night film time in the lounge! Family sit on the couch and watch TV, It is my favorite film feeling busy! Dad drink coffee, and Mum make; we all happy and fun at night.
Sunday lunch with family in the garden; we eat bacon sandwich and drink juice. A bird like robin come here; I feel afraid. Mum tell it is ok! Brother make it go and have fun!
Weekend field this with Mum at the supermarket. I look some potato, tomato sauce, cheese; feel confused but find it! Mum tell “Thank you” feel good this home cook lunch; eat feel all and good.
It was Tuesday at work with my friend. Friend pour orange juice on white t-shirt; feel sad and confused. "I need to clean this," I say. Support staff help with, feel good! We finish lunch and talk about football feel good.
Saturday at the dining room table with my friend. We eat bacon toast and drink juice; I feel happy but full. Friend pour juice on trousers; it is a problem! Support staff help clean, feeling good after that.
Weekend in the kitchen bake cake with Dad. Feel happy but confused about some things; Dad help me with jam and sugar. Cake make out favorite! Family eat and we quiet after feeling full and good.
On Wednesday in the garden with Mum and Dad. Lawn mower break, I feel bad and say, "I need some help." Dad make it, and we clean plant sheets again. After work, the garden nice; feeling tired but good.
Friday night with family in home lounge. We watch TV; my favorite film on! Mum give fizzy drink; I feel really! Dad stop tea towel and clean; all wow about it after drink juice so fun.
Sunday field some with thing to look bird like a tiger, zebra, and giraffe! Feeling really; education staff tell "look!" Friend share sandwich and orange juice with lunch; feeling nice but tired after a long some home.
Saturday in garden with family. Lawn mower break, I feel bad; say, "I need some help." Dad make it; we plant flowers like tomato and cucumber again. Garden clean; we feel tired but happy.
Weekend at home bake lasagna with Mum and Dad. Feeling confused about pasta and fruit; Mum help, tell "Do this." Meal turn out nice! Family eat with; feeling good and full after.
Sunday lunch home in the field with friend. Have sandwich and juice in tree, feeling sit but tired. Tell about funny; friend fun a lot! Walk home after treat, feeling nice.
Friday night film time with family at home lounge. Watch favorite film eat fruit, feeling fun! Dad pour juice on couch; feeling bad but fun later! Clean up with; night late good.
At library with friend. See book on water animal like zebra and tiger, feeling happy but tired. Friend tell "Read this!" We talk about book over lunch: sandwich and apple juice. Day late feeling good, idea.
Tuesday school/college lunch with work people in the dining room. Have burger and juice; feeling full but fun! Friend pour cheese on trousers, I feel angry and say, "Clean that." Support staff help clean, feeling good again.
Saturday at pool with brother. Water cold but we play day, feeling happy! Brother put me; I feel Ouch! Say, "Do not do that!" Later up with hot chocolate feeling good.
Sunday now in my room, head loud music from the kitchen. Feeling headache and angry; want to study but can not think. Ask Mum to down TV Volume Down; she it. Feel here and back study.
Weekend meal in dining room with family. Dad cook spaghetti; I pour juice problem, feeling bad about it. Mum tell "Clean up," and help me; feeling here after all sit down eat meal!
Friday today place play football with friend. Friend put idea hard at me; I feel Ouch! Say "Please this time!", they sorry; drink after feeling tired but really happy.
Weekend at pet shop with Mum; we buy cat. Place lot; I feel confused but find cat. Mum tell to go home now. Cat at home make my day happy!
Friday school/college lunch in dining room with friend. Have burger and juice; feeling full but fun! Friend pour fizzy drink on trousers; feeling sad. Education staff help clean, later happy.
Saturday in kitchen bake with Dad; feeling ok but confused. Dad help with butternut squash and . Make nice! Family eat with jam and butter; feeling good and full after.
On Wednesday walk field with brother see bird like duck and robin! Feel fun; brother tell look goose pretty!! After walk sit down drink mango juice feeling tired but good.
Tuesday at home, feel sick and head. Mum say, "Doctor time," and we go. Hospital more busy; I feel bored. Doctor say, "Need medicine." After get, we home and feel really good.
Saturday day in the garden with Dad, feel. "open flowers," Dad put. We same, we shovel and water. Garden part and hard work. Feeling and about.
On Sunday, my birthday at home with family and friend. Mum bake cake; I feel and say, "thank you!" give gift from friend, feeling! We play thing and eat snack. Day with!
Tuesday at the supermarket with Mum, some with like milk and cheese. Feel confused lot ask, "Where do you milk?" Mum help find it; feeling again. We finish and go home to cook lunch. Feeling good after.
Friday tonight TV with family in the lounge, feeling! watch film, drink snack like sweets and chocolate milkshake. Dad same fizzy drink on the couch; feeling but. clean up again; night fun!
Weekend day with Mum in garden. Lawn mower break, I feel sad and say, "I need help." Dad make it some. Garden this again, and I feel happy this that.
On Tuesday in kitchen with Dad, we cook pasta. Milk on sink put; feeling bad. Dad say, "Clean it up." We finish meal; all happy after eat pasta.
At work today, my computer break. I feel bad and ask, "Can you help?" The Support staff make it. I work work; feeling good now. Day busy but finish feeling happy.
At work with friend today, play football in the field. Friend hard get me; feel ouch and say, "Please." We play again quiet; feel good and nice.
Sunday lunch at home with family, Dad cook chicken. Juice put on my t-shirt; feeling sad and tell Mum to help clean it up! Family talk after lunch was a feeling happy again.
Saturday play football with brother in the garden field. Brother win, and I feel afraid; ask, "Play again?" this time, I win and feel really happy. We all tired but play.
At work my friend, work on a timetable. Friend can not find what we need; I feel confused! Ask some help. After, we finish the timetable and feel happy. meal busy but good.
Weekend gardening with Mum and Dad; plant tomato and cucumber. Lawn mower break; I feel bad and say, "We need help." Dad make it, after we some work. Garden nice after; feel tired but good.
Friday night home with family; watch TV favorite film! drink fizzy drink Dad pour on the couch; all looser! I feel angry but later looser. night fun with family.
Sunday breakfast bacon and toast with Mum and Dad in the dining room. juice on table; feeling angry! Dad help clean up the material after. All eat here feeling happy again.
Weekend in garden with Dad and Mum. I feel tired; say "Please take a break." We sit down drink juice; and finish gardening, feeling happy watch at clean garden.
Sunday breakfast at home. Mum cook pancakes and bacon; I feel full but want more. Say, "I'm hungry"; Mum give some. After breakfast, go walk in the field, feel good.
At the supermarket with Mum on Saturday. I look confused say "Where milk?" Mum help me find it; we get cheese and toast with. Go home cook lunch, feel happy later.
Friday night in the lounge with family watch a favorite film! Drink fizzy drink feeling happy but tired after the film finish. Dad pour on the couch; clean it up, Dad fun night.
At work with friend. We work on a computer break problem; I feel afraid and say, "Help." Education staff come get it, and we look work feel good. Day busy.