Yesterday, I was at the beach with my friends. I need the toilet, but there are none here, and I feel bad. My friends help me find some outside place. I feel well and we go fun.
Today, I was in my kitchen cook breakfast. I eat cereal and toast with jam. My sister say, "What is breakfast?" She come me, and we have a nice meal.
On Monday, at school or college, I have a headache in the afternoon. I ask Support staff some help and say, "I need my medication." They help me take it and I feel well later.
Yesterday night, at home with Mum and Dad, we look TV. The TV volume up loud and it make me from sleep feeling angry. Dad tell sorry and turn the volume down.
Last month at the weekend, we go a countryside with Educational staff. I see different fish like sheep, cow, and duck in the field which make me happy. We eat lunch there and go a good time.
Today at the outside place with friends, my bag was wet from the water. I feel sad and ask some help clean it. They help me, and we have the time time in the outside place.
On Saturday night at a restaurant with family, I feel so happy eat a burger and fast food. The lady was nice and ask "how was my meal?" I tell "I like it," and family happy.
At work, in lunch in the dining room, I can not find my meal. My friends feel sorry and share some favorite food with me. I eat sandwich, apple, and drink orange juice. It was really nice.
This week, at work in sports Time, we play football with Support staff. My glasses break and I feel angry. Educational staff help put it, and we have fun again.
Yesterday, at home with Mum and Dad, we play stuff in the lounge. I lose money and feel bad. Mum give me some sweets to make up. We go stuff and it was fun.
Yesterday, at home with my brother. We play, and I win. He say loser and feel angry. I say, "It is a," and we about it later.
On the weekend in the field with Mum. I ice lolly on the grass and feel sad. Mum buy from shop. I feel happy again with my new ice lolly.
Today, at work with friends. My battery go late work time, and I can not work. Support staff help find charger. I feel happy again and finish work on time.
In the morning, at breakfast with Dad, I eat cereal and drink coffee. Dad say "What Name?" we here. I feel it a funny to the day.
At work yesterday with people, we play boccia outside place. I my hand and feel ouch bad. Support staff help me sit safe in office. my hand feel; fun time.
Yesterday, at home in the dining room with Mum and Dad, I say, "What's for dinner?" Mum make spaghetti with tomato sauce. We eat and I feel happy. It was a nice meal.
at the beach, I play football with my friends. I and feel ouch on my leg. Support staff help clean it. I feel and we play.
Today, at work with Educational staff and friends, we do art in the work. I can not find my paintbrush and feel afraid. They give me a more and I have fun paint.
Yesterday afternoon at home in my room, I am bored. I tell my sister, "I want to talk to you." She come over and we listen here. Now, I am feeling good.
This morning at work in the with Educational staff, I have breakfast. My spoon on and I need a new. Support staff give me a spoon; breakfast.
Today morning at home in the dining room with Mum, I eat breakfast. I say, "I want juice," but we do not have none. Mum say, "we go supermarket," and we buy juice and drink it. It was nice.   
Yesterday at work with friends and Educational staff, we do Computer Control idea. My computer stop be and I feel sad. Support staff help make it; idea well.
Yesterday, at Timetable in the afternoon with friends, we have lunch. I am I want but can not find my sandwich. I ask Educational staff some help. They give me a new sandwich. I eat it and feel happy.
On the weekend at the beach with Mum and Dad, I play with a car. The car is wet with water, and I feel bad. Dad clean it with some please, and we have fun again.
Yesterday at work in the dining room with friends, we have lunch. I break drink on my clothes and feel bad. Educational staff clean it me.
Yesterday, at home with Mum, I am. I ask, "Can I have fast food?" She buy burger and chips. It was fun and we eat And.
Today at school or college with school or college, we do art. My paint is all gone, and I feel sad. Support staff give more paint, and I do.
Weekend, I go to field with Dad. I ride bike and go off, feeling headache in my leg. Dad help me up; we walk home.
On Monday night at home with Mum and Dad, we look this on TV. TV loud, so I say "Turn loud down." Dad do it; it was nice.
On the weekend at the market with my friends, we buy fruit like banana and apple. I can not find my wallet and feel. My friends help me find it, we buy fruit and share it home.
Today afternoon at work in office with School/college/work mates, I need some water but can not find a drink. I ask Support staff, "Can I have water?" They give water to me, and I feel work.
In the morning at home with Mum, I feel I am sick. Mum make breakfast with porridge and apple juice. I feel happy. We eat breakfast in the dining room. It was a nice morning.
Today at doctors, we do sports in the field with Educational staff. I can not find my football shoes and feel sad. Support staff give me shoes, and I play football well.
Yesterday night at home with Dad and Mum, we see tv on TV. The loud me, so I ask Dad to volume down. Dad do it, and I feel sit.
Yesterday, at home, I feel sick. I ask Mum some my medicine. She give it, and I feel good. We watch TV in the lounge. It was a good night.
Yesterday afternoon, at school or college with friends, we do art. I can not find my paintbrush and feel bad. Educational staff give me a new paintbrush. I paint some friends and feel happy.
Today morning, in the kitchen with Mum, we make breakfast. I eat toast with peanut butter and fruit juice drink. Mum say it is nice; I really! We have a good time.
On the weekend, I go to the field with my dog. My dog walk fast and go; I feel afraid. People help me find it. We walk home. It was a happy away.
On Friday night, at the cinema with my friends, we watch a TV. The TV is loud, and I feel tired. We finish and go to eat pizza at a restaurant. It is a fun night out!
Yesterday at home with Mum, I am feeling sick. I tell Mum, "I need help." She give medicine, and I feel nice. We watch TV in the lounge. It was a good day.
On the weekend at the beach with my friends, we play in the water. My clothes get wet, and I feel sad. My friends help me dry my. We have fun again.
Yesterday evening, at home with Dad and Mum, we play some toys in the lounge. I break my car, and I feel angry. Dad help put it with tools. We have fun again.
Today at doctors with Educational staff and friends, we do sports in the afternoon. I go down and ouch my arm, feeling ouch! Support staff help me up. I feel here after.
On Monday morning, at the supermarket with Mum, we buy fruit and snack breakfast. I can not find apple juice and feel bad. Mum ask shop lady some help to find it. We buy it and go a good breakfast.
At home yesterday with Mum, we have lunch in the dining room. My sandwich get on the bottom, and I feel sad. Mum make me a new some with Mayonnaise and chicken. It was really.
On Saturday at the hospital with Dad, I feel chest pain. Dad ask Doctor some help. Doctor give medicine, and I feel good again. We go home happy.
Today in the garden with Mum and Dad pour grass. I need to go toilet but no bathroom here, feeling and bad. We hurry here, problem finished, happy!
Today I go to work with my friends. We play football in the place, and I put my leg. Educational staff help me and say, "Are you OK?" I say, "I am good," and go play.
In the morning at work with Educational staff, we have a special day. People talk about art and colours. I tell some questions about red and blue, feeling happy to make more.
On the weekend at the beach with friends, I walk on a thing and my foot problem, ouch! My friends help me sit, and I feel fun. We go outdoor sport after that.
Yesterday at home with Mum, we cook cake in the kitchen. The cooker is hot and I say, "Don't burn it!" Mum help with it; we eat nice cake.
Today morning at work, we have breakfast with my work people. I break my spoon on the field and feel bad. Educational staff give me a new spoon. I eat breakfast and feel good again.
At work yesterday with friends, we do sports in the field. I try my sports shoes and feel sad. Educational staff help find some from the office, and I play football happy again.
Today afternoon at school or college, with Educational staff, we do art timetable. I can not find my stuff and feel confused. Support staff give more stuff; I work on it again and happy to finish art.
Yesterday, at work with friends, we do Computer Control idea. My monitor break; I feel afraid. Support staff put it and I feel good again. We finish work happy.
On Sunday at home with my sister, we cook lunch in the kitchen. She make meal and feel sad. I help clean, and we have a nice meal.
At school college this morning with Educational staff, I play football in the place. Boy put me, feeling ouch bad! Educational Staff help me up; I feel well after.
On Saturday at the field with my friends, we play. I get and feel afraid. Friends find me; we look happy.
Today at home with Mum and Dad, we watch TV lounge. The it is loud, me can not hear well and feeling bad. Dad mute the volume down; we talk.
On Sunday afternoon at home in the garden with Mum and Dad, we see some bird in the tree. It fly away, so we can not see well; feeling sad. But later bird come back! We all happy bird again.
Yesterday at school college, we have thing in the afternoon. I break water on the table and feel afraid. Educational staff say it is well; we clean it up. Later, I do thing happy.
Yesterday night at home with Dad, we play thing on TV in lounge. The thing hard and I feel angry lose. Dad help me try more; later, I win and feel happy.
Night at home with my sister in this my room, she make loud music which is your doing my head in to me. I ask sister to turn it down and she say; thank you! We talk and have happy Time in this my room after.
On Tuesday evening at home with Mum and Dad, we cook meal in kitchen; chicken nuggets and chips on Timetable! Cooker hot; ouch feeling afraid problem! Mum well cooker good meal happy Time!
On the weekend at the garden with friends, I have fun on the thing. A girl go off and feel bad. Educational staff help get up and feel good. We play more, feeling happy.
Today morning at home with Mum, I am feeling breakfast. We have no cereal; I feel sad about it. Mum make toast with butter some me. I eat nice breakfast.
Yesterday morning, at school college with my friends and Educational staff in Timetable, I my book; can not study well feeling confused! Educational staff say some library book now; thank you! After well again.
Saturday at shopping centre after afternoon with friends buy new clothes thing cool! My bag give here find it me sad feeling! Friends help look we find bag all feel happy are back!
Today morning at school college with friends, we do art timetable. My paint on the bottom, feeling really bad. Educational staff help clean it. I get new paint; it was so good! Friends say, "nice work!"
This weekend in the garden with Dad, we plant flowers outside place. No water can here; feeling bad! Dad have from kitchen, idea! We water flowers with feeling with work!
Yesterday afternoon at the field with Mum and Dad, I play football. My it in water; I feel sad. Dad give some it; I play and happy again. Friends come we; it was fun! We with again evening.
On Saturday night at home with my sister, we play in the lounge. I win all time; she feeling angry. I say, "We watch film," and she say. We watch tv and feeling happy.
Yesterday evening at home in my home, I read book to school college. Light go down; feeling confused! Mum give fire and light it up. Home light again; I play school college well.
Yesterday in the library with Mum and brother. I can not find my favorite book and feel bad. Mum ask Educational staff some help; they give new book not good. Later I find it, feeling happy.
This morning at home with Dad, I eat breakfast in the kitchen. My toast go on the bottom, feeling really sad. Dad clean up and make new toast some me; it good!
On Saturday at the beach in the morning with Mum, we walk on my day places. I see a fish in water here! Feeling fun! Mum take picture and we share it.
Yesterday afternoon at school or college with my friends, we have lunch break Time. My sandwich go, feeling angry! Educational staff give me new sandwich; say sorry to thank you! We fun.
On Sunday, I go to the cinema with friends. My mobile can not; I feel sad and confused. I ask Support staff some help, and they find it. We watch girl, feeling happy again.
Yesterday at home with Mum and Dad, we cook lunch in the kitchen. I break plate; feeling really bad! Mum help clean part and make new meal. We have nice meal with.
On Sunday morning, I go to the field with my friends. I lose football and feel sad. Educational staff help find it, and we play again. It was a fun day.
This weekend, I go the countryside with my family. We lunch in field, some meal. My sandwich break on grass, feeling bad! Mum give me new sandwich; happy again.
Yesterday at school or college with Educational staff and friends do art timetable afternoon. My paint finish; feeling really afraid! They give me more paint. I make art timetable; some happy like it.
In the morning at the supermarket with Mum, buy stuff we need some breakfast and lunch. I go to have money; feeling confused! Mum say "no problem" have me happy time eat lunch in dining room.
Today at school college with my friends, we play football. I can not find my shoes and feel sad. Educational staff help me, and I play fun. Later, we have lunch with and talk about the.
Yesterday at home with Mum, I cook lunch in the kitchen. The pan is hot; I ouch feeling bad! Mum help cook the meal; we eat with and. It was a nice lunch.
On the weekend at the beach with friends, we in the water. I lose my goggles and feel afraid. Friends help me find it, and I feel. We have fun.
Today morning at work with Educational staff, we do art. I can not find my paintbrush; feeling sad! Educational staff give me a new, and I paint again, feeling happy.
Yesterday night at home with, we look TV in the lounge. The TV stop; feeling afraid! Dad put it, and we look fun.
Today afternoon, at home with Mum, I was in my room read. My pen break, and I am afraid. Mum give me some pen, and I feel. I go read.
Today morning, at school college with Educational staff and school college, we do a work. My bowl pour out, and I am feeling. Educational staff help me clean up; we go over finished.
On Sunday night at a restaurant with Mum and Dad, my meal was cold, which I am bad. Mum tell the Educational staff, and they give new meal hot; all good again!
On Saturday, I go to the field with friends. My hat go away, and I am really bad. My friends help me get it back. We go walk and have a fun afternoon.
Yesterday evening, at home in the lounge with Dad, we watch a film. The computer control is all, and I am feeling. Dad find it under the couch, the problem.
Yesterday at school or college with friends, we have sports time. My shoes break, and I feel bad. Educational staff help find new shoes from the office. Later, we play football and I feel good again. It was a nice day.
On Saturday morning at home with Mum, I cook breakfast in the kitchen. My toast break, and I feel sad. Mum help make new toast with butter and jam; I am happy again. We eat in the dining room and have breakfast.
Yesterday evening at home in my room with my sister, we read this. Light off, feeling afraid! Mum come with a torch to help I see, thank you! We finish read with happy.
On Sunday at the woods with Dad and Mum, I make place here feeling fun! Water come stop it down; feel sad about it! Dad help make a new this more.
Today afternoon at the supermarket with friends, I want to buy fruit. My wallet all gone, and I am feeling confused and bad. Friends help get, and we find my wallet the middle the top. I buy apple and banana; we all happy now.
Yesterday at home with my sister, we play book in the lounge. I lose, feeling sad. My sister say, "Can I see that?" and I win the. We some and have a fun time.
On Saturday night at home with Mum and Dad, we cook pasta in the kitchen. The cooker is hot; I say ouch! Mum help finish cook pasta; we all eat nice meal.
This weekend at the beach with friends, we in the water. My goggles are none; I feel afraid. Friends help me find it in water again happy time!
Yesterday afternoon at school or college with my friends, we do art timetable. I some paintbrush, feeling bad! Educational staff give a new paintbrush; art well and finished happy.
Today morning in the garden with Dad, we plant flowers. I pour water on place and feel bad. Dad say, "No problem," and we clean up with. More my the day we plant more flowers.