Yesterday, I was at the beach with my friends. I need the toilet, but there are none here, and I feel bad. My friends help me find some outside place. I feel well and we go fun.
Today, I was in my kitchen cook breakfast. I eat cereal and toast with jam. My sister say, "What is breakfast?" She come me, and we have a nice meal.
On Monday, at school or college, I have a headache in the afternoon. I ask Support staff some help and say, "I need my medication." They help me take it and I feel well later.
Yesterday night, at home with Mum and Dad, we look TV. The TV volume up loud and it make me from sleep feeling angry. Dad tell sorry and turn the volume down.
Last month at the weekend, we go a countryside with Educational staff. I see different fish like sheep, cow, and duck in the field which make me happy. We eat lunch there and go a good time.
Today at the outside place with friends, my bag was wet from the water. I feel sad and ask some help clean it. They help me, and we have the time time in the outside place.
On Saturday night at a restaurant with family, I feel so happy eat a burger and fast food. The lady was nice and ask "how was my meal?" I tell "I like it," and family happy.
At work, in lunch in the dining room, I can not find my meal. My friends feel sorry and share some favorite food with me. I eat sandwich, apple, and drink orange juice. It was really nice.
This week, at work in sports Time, we play football with Support staff. My glasses break and I feel angry. Educational staff help put it, and we have fun again.
Yesterday, at home with Mum and Dad, we play stuff in the lounge. I lose money and feel bad. Mum give me some sweets to make up. We go stuff and it was fun.
Yesterday, at home with my brother. We play, and I win. He say loser and feel angry. I say, "It is a," and we about it later.
On the weekend in the field with Mum. I ice lolly on the grass and feel sad. Mum buy from shop. I feel happy again with my new ice lolly.
Today, at work with friends. My battery go late work time, and I can not work. Support staff help find charger. I feel happy again and finish work on time.
In the morning, at breakfast with Dad, I eat cereal and drink coffee. Dad say "What Name?" we here. I feel it a funny to the day.
At work yesterday with people, we play boccia outside place. I my hand and feel ouch bad. Support staff help me sit safe in office. my hand feel; fun time.
Yesterday, at home in the dining room with Mum and Dad, I say, "What's for dinner?" Mum make spaghetti with tomato sauce. We eat and I feel happy. It was a nice meal.
at the beach, I play football with my friends. I and feel ouch on my leg. Support staff help clean it. I feel and we play.
Today, at work with Educational staff and friends, we do art in the work. I can not find my paintbrush and feel afraid. They give me a more and I have fun paint.
Yesterday afternoon at home in my room, I am bored. I tell my sister, "I want to talk to you." She come over and we listen here. Now, I am feeling good.
This morning at work in the with Educational staff, I have breakfast. My spoon on and I need a new. Support staff give me a spoon; breakfast.
Today morning at home in the dining room with Mum, I eat breakfast. I say, "I want juice," but we do not have none. Mum say, "we go supermarket," and we buy juice and drink it. It was nice.   
Yesterday at work with friends and Educational staff, we do Computer Control idea. My computer stop be and I feel sad. Support staff help make it; idea well.
Yesterday, at Timetable in the afternoon with friends, we have lunch. I am I want but can not find my sandwich. I ask Educational staff some help. They give me a new sandwich. I eat it and feel happy.
On the weekend at the beach with Mum and Dad, I play with a car. The car is wet with water, and I feel bad. Dad clean it with some please, and we have fun again.
Yesterday at work in the dining room with friends, we have lunch. I break drink on my clothes and feel bad. Educational staff clean it me.
Yesterday, at home with Mum, I am. I ask, "Can I have fast food?" She buy burger and chips. It was fun and we eat And.
Today at school or college with school or college, we do art. My paint is all gone, and I feel sad. Support staff give more paint, and I do.
Weekend, I go to field with Dad. I ride bike and go off, feeling headache in my leg. Dad help me up; we walk home.
On Monday night at home with Mum and Dad, we look this on TV. TV loud, so I say "Turn loud down." Dad do it; it was nice.
On the weekend at the market with my friends, we buy fruit like banana and apple. I can not find my wallet and feel. My friends help me find it, we buy fruit and share it home.
Today afternoon at work in office with School/college/work mates, I need some water but can not find a drink. I ask Support staff, "Can I have water?" They give water to me, and I feel work.
In the morning at home with Mum, I feel I am sick. Mum make breakfast with porridge and apple juice. I feel happy. We eat breakfast in the dining room. It was a nice morning.
Today at doctors, we do sports in the field with Educational staff. I can not find my football shoes and feel sad. Support staff give me shoes, and I play football well.
Yesterday night at home with Dad and Mum, we see tv on TV. The loud me, so I ask Dad to volume down. Dad do it, and I feel sit.
Yesterday, at home, I feel sick. I ask Mum some my medicine. She give it, and I feel good. We watch TV in the lounge. It was a good night.
Yesterday afternoon, at school or college with friends, we do art. I can not find my paintbrush and feel bad. Educational staff give me a new paintbrush. I paint some friends and feel happy.
Today morning, in the kitchen with Mum, we make breakfast. I eat toast with peanut butter and fruit juice drink. Mum say it is nice; I really! We have a good time.
On the weekend, I go to the field with my dog. My dog walk fast and go; I feel afraid. People help me find it. We walk home. It was a happy away.
On Friday night, at the cinema with my friends, we watch a TV. The TV is loud, and I feel tired. We finish and go to eat pizza at a restaurant. It is a fun night out!
Yesterday at home with Mum, I am feeling sick. I tell Mum, "I need help." She give medicine, and I feel nice. We watch TV in the lounge. It was a good day.
On the weekend at the beach with my friends, we play in the water. My clothes get wet, and I feel sad. My friends help me dry my. We have fun again.
Yesterday evening, at home with Dad and Mum, we play some toys in the lounge. I break my car, and I feel angry. Dad help put it with tools. We have fun again.
Today at doctors with Educational staff and friends, we do sports in the afternoon. I go down and ouch my arm, feeling ouch! Support staff help me up. I feel here after.
On Monday morning, at the supermarket with Mum, we buy fruit and snack breakfast. I can not find apple juice and feel bad. Mum ask shop lady some help to find it. We buy it and go a good breakfast.
At home yesterday with Mum, we have lunch in the dining room. My sandwich get on the bottom, and I feel sad. Mum make me a new some with Mayonnaise and chicken. It was really.
On Saturday at the hospital with Dad, I feel chest pain. Dad ask Doctor some help. Doctor give medicine, and I feel good again. We go home happy.
Today in the garden with Mum and Dad pour grass. I need to go toilet but no bathroom here, feeling and bad. We hurry here, problem finished, happy!
Today I go to work with my friends. We play football in the place, and I put my leg. Educational staff help me and say, "Are you OK?" I say, "I am good," and go play.
In the morning at work with Educational staff, we have a special day. People talk about art and colours. I tell some questions about red and blue, feeling happy to make more.
On the weekend at the beach with friends, I walk on a thing and my foot problem, ouch! My friends help me sit, and I feel fun. We go outdoor sport after that.
Yesterday at home with Mum, we cook cake in the kitchen. The cooker is hot and I say, "Don't burn it!" Mum help with it; we eat nice cake.
Today morning at work, we have breakfast with my work people. I break my spoon on the field and feel bad. Educational staff give me a new spoon. I eat breakfast and feel good again.
At work yesterday with friends, we do sports in the field. I try my sports shoes and feel sad. Educational staff help find some from the office, and I play football happy again.
Today afternoon at school or college, with Educational staff, we do art timetable. I can not find my stuff and feel confused. Support staff give more stuff; I work on it again and happy to finish art.