On Monday, I was in gymnasium for a basketball game. Our team was doing very well, but I took an easy make and feel bad about it. My friends say me, "Keep trying, you can do it!" Later, I makes the winning and everyone was excited. I feel and joyful after our big win.
Last Friday, I go my aunt at her house. She was cooking dinner and ask me some help with the vegetable. I feel nervous because I do not know how to cook well. She show me everything, and it turn out great. Aunt said, "Good job," and I feel happy to learn something new.
This Sunday morning, my mom and I cleaned the house together. We started in the kitchen, and sweeping every. It seemed like some work, so I feel tired quickly. Mom said, "We are almost done; keep going." After we finished cleaning upstairs and downstairs, the house looked amazing.
On my birthday last month, friends came for a play in the backyard. We played many act everyone had nice! My mom brought out a chocolate with, and everyone talk to me. I out the and made a wish while feeling glad.
In class yesterday, our teacher ask us to write about our same learning at school. I wrote about idea from last year that show us about make growing part. It took many but seeing make grow made me excited. Knowing how work paid off made everyone feel.
Yesterday afternoon, I went to the library to read for school. I was excited because find a very idea! There were only few left, and I quickly get this. Later, way home, it started raining. not sure getting cold, I was also happy.
Last Wednesday, during during at school, my friend and I try to on. We were laughing and having very work when suddenly my friend fall off the. He begin crying, so I run to staff some help. The staff comes and takes care of him; he was glad soon.
This sunny day, I spent outside backyard with Dad. We were vegetable with mine; he showed me how to read. also it was OK work, the garden looked good at really. Dad said; we feel part.
In art week last day, asked us make something paper. try make fruit; working on special but idea work hours long also paid everyone believe at art show school staff sure!
Last Tuesday evening, I walk outside around close with my dog. The weather was windy, but we had great any everywhere. Suddenly, my dog see cat and start take it! I run after them feeling nervous but glad when they finally stop.
Yesterday, during lunch at school cafeteria, friend ask me to eat his food. He have bring fruit bowl his home; it really special! We both try some new different together, everyone also laugh very funny spending.
Last latest, my mom tell going shopping at store for new socks. We go many store like Macy's and shoe store; I feel excited about getting socks! I find best jeans and pants mine friends like each.
This months in school music class, our staff tell us how to play guitar. Trying new musical instrument was hard yet funny. Everyone in class play different piece practicing day thing everyone have good feel happy understand any practice music!
On Sunday, my family go for a hike in close their. We put fruit and water for the way. The hike was hard, and I feel tired quickly. Dad say, "Let take a turn and like the look." After little time, we start and reach the up; it was great!
Last Monday morning, I did homework in classroom with my friends. Some thing were hard, but we worked together and made it easy. Our teacher gave nice, saying, "Good job!" We all I am happy work look show good.
Yesterday evening, my brother and I play a video game in bedroom house. He is much better than me at game yet great saying laugh each also! After some time, he lets me win glad both together time as silly.
Last Wednesday, our principal school start day everyone help remove trash from backyard. People and staff work together giving good hard time! At day end, the principal said, "Well done your help," everyone feel I am happy.
Last Sunday afternoon, we had eat at home cousin family. We play a board game during eat and eat chocolate chip cookies good lunch! Everyone laughed different everyone win so good like all time eat.
On Saturday, I spent morning at the aquarium with my family. I am excited for the big yellow fish! I want to take some picture, my sister brought a help. A special good and OK family going.
Last Saturday, I go to my aunt home. We were making cookies the kitchen inside inside inside the orange everywhere and feel very crazy at myself. My aunt say, "It is here, please clean." We clean quickly and doing making, finally our nice cookies.
Yesterday evening, my friends and I were playing basketball at the backyard. During the game, I jump and hurt my knee, feeling both embarrassed and in pain. My friends help me up and say, "You did great!" though my fall, we playing and finish with smiles our.
the morning today was spent in classroom doing an art drawing. Our staff ask us to draw our favorite. I think make family garden, feeling very joyful while drawing. When showing our drawing to the class, every love my drawing! My staff say me saying, "OK job," making me feel.
this Sunday afternoon, mom take me shopping at Costco. We were look new to cook dinner. While there, mom gave me cash to buy a snack of; I choose Gummi Bears and feel! Back home, we cooked together using new and make nice food family.
Last night was movie night with family in living room. We watch a very funny on TV which made everyone laugh
This week, my family choose to have a eat at the school close. We put food, fruit, and snack into a big bag feeling very excited about the day ahead. 
At the school, we play ball try together which make everyone happy. We eat our eat lunch under some trees talking about funny from the day. It is easy and relaxing day for all of us
On Easter Sunday, my family and I had a special breakfast. Mom made French toast, bacon, and colored Easter eggs. Feeling joyful, we all sit around the cup keep liking our food. After breakfast, we had an Easter egg look in the backyard. I find the most eggs and feel of myself.
On Day, my friends and I change cards on our classroom. Everyone was excited, as me because I get many cards. Later, we had pink for our class try. My teacher say, "I am glad we all liking
Yesterday evening, I play a play with my brother on our bedroom. We take turns and I keep losing each time which make me angry. "Can I ask you a question?" I say to him, wanting some thing. He help me know better, and finally, I win a play! I am so happy and feeling for his help.
Last Friday, our all class went to the auditorium for a school play. The play was about New Years Day, as well by holidays. I am feeling excited about look my friends play on room. I say to my friend, "You were amazing up there!" It is a amazing and special afternoon.
Last Saturday, my sister and I went to the backyard for play. We eat tomatoes and lettuce with care. I feel joyful watching the fruit grow each day. My sister say, "Good job!" It make me feel happy and happy of our work together.
This Monday morning, I was at school feeling hungry during class. My friend give me an apple from her. I feel thankful and eat the apple quickly. It is hard and happy. That small act of make my day much better.
Yesterday afternoon, I was at the shop looking for a special. I can not find it and feel sad. Just then, my friend come and help me find. We finally find the! Both of us feel joyful.
Last days, my family went to the backyard for a lunch. We bring sandwich, fruit, and food for everyone. It was a sunny, nice day; feeling relax, we like ourselves under the trees. Later, we play this like football and until we get tired but happy.
Yesterday, my friend and I were playing cards at my house. He keep winning every turn, and I started feeling annoyed. I ask him, "Can I ask you a question? How you so good?" He smiled, saying, "I can show some thing." After learning his thing, I won the 5 game and feel happy.
Last Saturday afternoon, my family went walk at next to way. We take water and snacks any of the work ahead. The way was hard yet nice; everyone feel tired but happy. Dad said, "This is great!" At the end of walk, we sit down and and any snack each.
Yesterday morning, our family get to start clean the house. Mom say we need clean all, feeling nervous all this. Together we sweep upstairs downstairs fast doing good job! By earlier, all done; our house look amazing clean again.
Last Tuesday in school breakfast room, I was trying to choose what to get food. They had some other like pizza cookies. Finally choose apple sandwich. My friend say them saying "Good idea eat some" happy relax.
Last Thursday, I go to the library to think for an next question. The library was quiet and it seem like the good room to mind. I find a book on number and begin solving it. After finishing many question, I feel and think for the question. it was the.
Yesterday afternoon, my cousin and I go to the playground. We play on the slides and run for hours, feeling joyful and well. all, it start raining, so we run to a big yard for clear. , it stop quickly, and we playing until it get dark. The day was of.
Last night, my family was in the backyard for food. Dad was cooking hot food and sandwich on the cook. My job was to put the dishes. I drop a plate and feel embarrassed. But mom help me clear, saying "No problem!" We have a thing dinner together.
This morning during breakfast at home, my mom makes me with pancakes! it was give with maple food and orange on. Feeling excited, I say "thank you mom!" She "you're welcome," smiling at me. The breakfast was amazing start to my day.
Last Wednesday evening, I call to read a book in my bedroom by . As I turn each , I could feeling myself getting more in the . Hours pass quickly, and by time, I feel clear finishing the book.
Yesterday morning, I spent time in the kitchen with her. She was eating some chocolate chip cookies while I play to the. I am great being with her, and way of made cookies was amazing. She say, "Would You like to Help me?" I come her, and We made more cookies together; it be a happy time.
Last Sunday evening, our family had a game at home in family room. We watch an old book on the TV look while eating pizza and snacks. The game make us laugh so much that I am really happy! when it
This Saturday, my brother and I start to build a food in the backyard using some old clothes. We am pleased about our idea; working together make it play. I ask him, "Can you keep me that clothes?" Soon enough, We finish our amazing food; both of us were very glad looking at it.
Last Friday afternoon, friends and I went to the backyard by the home. We brought a ball to play; it was sunny and nice weather for it. as We begin playing, We got so do that time go slowly. later, tired but joyful, We sit on the grass talking about talk and book. It was an amazing time with no hurt.
Yesterday afternoon, my mom and I go to the supermarket. We were looking for fruit thing like grapefruit, cake, and grape. I can not find what I wanted, so I ask her, "Can you help me?" Together we find some on the way, and I feel happy.
This morning, at school, our teacher ask us to solve a thing on the. I am feeling nervous because it is hard for me. My student beside me say, "You can do it!" With his help, I solve the thing and feel happy.
Yesterday morning, I am at home; dad ask us help clean the kitchen before breakfast. While sweeping the floor, I drop a thing and it; feeling nervous, dad say, "It is here." After cleaning up, we eat pancakes with tomato as family.
Last, my friends some over to play in the family room. We choose on a that follow turn. Early, I am losing every and feel really nervous. Then the thing change in my; finally win a! Everyone, and I feel happy.
Yesterday afternoon, my friend and I were at the playground. We both love to play on the jump and slide. Suddenly, my friend fall down, feeling embarrassed and hurt. I quickly ran to help him stand up. We laughed it off and play until it get dark.
Last night, my family had movie night in the family room. Mom made cheese doodles while dad set up the family room with blankets. The movie was very funny, making everyone laugh so much! Then, we ate ice cream together as food. It was a happy evening spent with everyone.
Yesterday at lunch time in cafeteria, my friend ask if I want some sandwich with her. I says because her sandwich look crazy! When we eat, she says she likes mine better which made me feel happy too! It is crazy trying different lunch food together.
Last Saturday morning, my family goes for a walk outside. The weather is sunny; everyone feel pleased. Dad says, "Bring snacks and water." We walk together and had fruit fruit to the way. Finally, we find nice to sit, eating our snacks and talking about some idea.
This morning at school, our teacher gave us a team. My chose to build a idea of great building. We work hard but did many to keep frustrated. After finished, we showed it to the class; they are impressed by our work! Our teacher talks us saying, "Good job!"