It's Sunday, and I'm in my grandma kitchen with my family for a tasty Sunday dinner. We notice some lettuce gone from salad, which make mom mad. I ask, "Did somebody take lettuce?" Grandpa see grandma eat it. We all laugh, and grandma feel embarrassed but also happy.
It was Wednesday at school, and I couldn't find my pen in the classroom. I feel nervous because we have math test. I tell the teacher, "I need a pen." Teacher say to another student to give me. The test start, and I'm not nervous but ready.
At school Friday morning, I realize my bag miss near teacher room. This made me really worried as it have history and geography inside. I tell dad what happen; he say we go to school office ask help. Teacher find bag behind room after that I feel and happy dad help me.
On Thursday afternoon at park, my friend 1 and I look color after fall rain stop; it is. Friend point out worm on grass which make him scared and confused as he never look before. We call the, she explain about soil for soil; Friend learn about geography today happy without fear anymore.
It was Sunday at park; I play soccer with my friends. My friend 2 fall and hurt his leg, which make all worried. I call a police officer who come to help him. Friend 2 move back home alive after treatment. My friends all feel joy and happy.
It was Tuesday evening, and mom make dinner in kitchen when she realize no tomato for salsa. She get worried because we love it for dinner. I tell mom, "I'll go the grocery store." I come back with tomato after second. Mom make salsa, and our dinner is tasty.
Saturday afternoon, I was in my house with my dad to build a building. We notice some wood lost from the activity, which made me really disappointed. I ask dad, "Can we find more wood?" We go to the store to buy wood. House at home, we finished the building, and I feel proud and happy.
It was Friday morning at school college recess; my student play hide find outside. I can not find my friend 1 hidden in grass near swings which make all nervous worried. school staff tell us, "Look again everywhere." After minute, we find him nap behind tree! All feel happy finished.
It was Monday evening in my room, and I feel hungry. I look everywhere for food and see a cookie on the table. But it's not mine, which make me feel mad. I ask mom, "Could that cookie be mine?" Mom say, "Yes," so I eat it with joy.
Sunday morning at home, I like relax watch television but know remote was lost somewhere in the living room. I feel really mad because like to watch my favorite song. Ask mom if she see it; she say no but help find it under couch pad later. Okay! Song start, feel happy again.
On Thursday afternoon at grandma house, she bake sweet with me some season. But no milk left kitchen jar! Grandma worried some no other could make sweet like her tasty way. Grandpa come bring groceries with most milk! Day with happy love after we bake.
It was Friday morning at school; while geography lesson we see a ladybug near window in classroom This make all excited and curious! School staff answer us about bird some science too We end lesson with happy teach much new thing from look.
At school on Wednesday, we did math and talk about the Milky Way and planet. All at once, my calculator lost from my bag, make me confused and worried. I tell the school staff, "I can not find my calculator." School staff find it near her desk. My problem get 1, and I love math without scared.
On Sunday, I visit my aunt at her house. When I come, aunt say her cat is hidden from the yard. This made her really sad and worried. We see everywhere but can not find it inside house. Next minute, cat come back from bag happy! Aunt feel joy again.
It was Monday morning at school recess; I play with my friends. Later, my friend 1's hat get stuck in the swings, which made him anxious. We call the teacher for help. She use scissors to cut him free. Friend 1 feel happy and grateful after that.
Thursday afternoon, I choose go post office ask about a package for dad. The employee say package lost somewhere. This made me sad because it was some. But in the end, the employee find the package in another room! Dad happy, and we spend night.
Saturday morning, I wake eat breakfast when grandma call me out, I see grandpa grow grass which make grass smell lovely! But problem happen; grass clippers cut which make all sad This worried grandpa visit neighbor ask take grass clippers He fix grass! We happy joy
On Saturday morning, I visit my friend play at his house. We do a lot fun with puzzle sport until were toy was lost, which make us very scared. I try to look near his desk inside his room. After a minute, we find the toy near the bed! Now all feeling happy able play.
Sunday evening, in my room look song on television, I realize some food was lost from kitchen fridge. This make me feel scared and hungry. I ask mom if she see it somewhere; she say no but help look. After minute, we find food in the cupboard! Mom smile I eat dinner happy.
On Wednesday afternoon school, show and tell, my friend share about his new dog house for his pet. He say dog hidden all the time which make him sad and confused. Teacher ask somebody how some help; somebody allow use some light near house center where dog spend more time play with love happy.
Monday at park play motion with my friends. play match, my brother motion thing too fast, it get stuck inside tree. This make us really mad and worried about game over! We call park staff who bring ladder get thing down! Happy able game motion.
Sunday morning, I wake for breakfast with my family. But I find no milk in the fridge, which make me hungry and mad. I tell dad, "Can you get milk?" He go to the grocery store and come back with milk. Breakfast is tasty, and I feel happy.
On Thursday afternoon in the living room, I play with my toy dog. But it stop somewhere on the floor, which made me really disappointed. I ask dad some help; he use screwdriver fix the dog. After that, the dog move again and it made me feel excited and happy.
Monday at school, we do science in classroom. I realize my pencil was lost, make me nervous. I tell staff, "I lose my pencil." Friend 1 give her extra pencil for me. With pencil, on science problem get solve.
Saturday afternoon, I play with my pet on the ground. It hide under the bush, make me disappointed. I ask my Mom to find it, and she give me a flashlight. After all, we find it behind the tree, and I am feeling happy again.
Monday morning at school recess, I realize my lunch gone from my bag. This make me very hungry and scared. I ask the teacher some help; she say to look the restaurant. We find my lunch on a table. I eat lunch happy.
Thursday afternoon at school time, my team play soccer game another student team. We almost win until somebody player hurt his leg which make they scared for him! Teacher call an ambulance which come fast take player be home game keep happy.
On Wednesday evening at home, Dad and I do a puzzle together on the kitchen table. But a part gone! This make us and worried because we love the activity. Mom come help and say part is under the couch.
On Saturday morning, I visit my cousin at her house. She excited show me her new pet frog but it hide somewhere in the living room. This made her really sad and worried. We look everywhere until grandpa find it under the couch! Cousin feel happy and play with pet all day.
Sunday evening, Mom cook dinner in the kitchen but realize no pasta sauce. This make mom worried because we love home spaghetti. I tell mom, "I go to grocery store." After second, I bring back sauce. Mom cook spaghetti, and family eat dinner with joy!
It was Thursday afternoon, and I was in my room read a book about a secret action. But my read glasses were gone, which made me really mad. I call mom and ask her, "Did you see my glasses?" She look under bed and find them in a minute. I put on glasses and done the book with joy.
Wednesday morning at school recess, my friend 2 and I play by the swings near the park edge when a worm crush her. This made her scared and cry. Teacher come use bug spray to keep more worm away! After nurse treat crush crush gone, friend back happy play again.
Thursday afternoon at shop with mom and dad, realize no groceries for favorite ice cream! This make everybody hungry mad as we love dessert! We ask shop employee some help; she say ice cream place down east of store minute after we find everything happy eat ice cream home!
It was Tuesday afternoon, and I was at school for a science lesson about physics and biology. Then, a bug go across the desk, which made everybody worried and confused. The teacher ask a student to take action. A student use a bottle to catch the bug. We all feel proud and keep the lesson.
It was Thursday evening at home; I work on history homework in my room but there was no light. This made me disappointed as I love to finished my homework fast. I ask Dad if he could fix it; he put a spoon for light in my room. With light, I did my history homework and feel proud.
On Monday morning in geography lesson, we learn about different show and tell around the world like Mount Everest and the Great Wall of China. Then, somebody notice a spider near the window, which made everybody worried and scared. The teacher use a basket to catch it.
Sunday morning, at my grandma house, we sit for breakfast when we listen a loud storm from outside. My grandpa look outside and see that the dog house was wear out, which made everybody worried and sad. Grandpa call his friend who come with clippers to fix it. After some work, the dog house was wear out, and everybody feel happy.
At school on Wednesday afternoon, I work on math idea in school. My color pencil break, which make me mad and worried. I tell the teacher, "I need a new pencil." The teacher give me a second pencil from her place. I finished my work, feeling happy and grateful.
It was Monday morning at the office; I type on the computer for my career when everything break. This make me very disappointed and bored as I love be busy. I call the IT worker some help; he use some new something and get everything action. All some back, I work once again happy.
Sunday morning in kitchen, mom make breakfast but there is no butter some toast. Mom feel disappointed because we all love toast with butter in the morning. Dad go to grocery store some butter. Dad come home some butter; breakfast end tasty and happy.
On Thursday afternoon, my friend and I play hide near park edge swing. Friend 1 hidden too, and we can not find her after some time after make nervous all. Teacher come and use flashlight until let find her behind a tree! Somebody feel much happy hug happy.
Sunday morning in kitchen, mom make breakfast but there is no butter some toast. Mom feel disappointed because we all love toast with butter in the morning. Dad go to grocery store some butter. Dad come home some butter; breakfast end tasty and happy.
On Thursday afternoon, my friend and I play hide near park edge swing. Friend 1 hidden too, and we can not find her after some time after make nervous all. Teacher come and use flashlight until let find her behind a tree! Somebody feel much happy hug happy.
On Sunday afternoon, my best friend come my home some my birthday party and play some sport. We were hide and when I could not find her anywhere my room. I say her mom if she know where we can look next. Then, I see her inside the closet with birthday. We laugh eat cake with joy.
On Saturday, we go to Central Park some a picnic table with mom, dad, grandma, and grandpa. Then, a bee bite my leg, me scared and hurt. Grandpa have some bug spray his bag and help me. The hurt start to go away, and I feel good. The part of the day be fun and happy with food, sport, and talk.
It be Wednesday school recess when a some of student play football near the swings. My club bring the thing me, but I miss it and feel bad. Everybody scream like "come!" me feel good try again much. Next time I take the goal feeling proud happy together.
At Friday night, we have dinner with my family. But we realize they is no ketchup at the table, which let me disappointed. I tell my mom, "Where is the ketchup?" She go to the kitchen and put it back. Dinner taste new now, and we all love together with joy.
Sunday noon, I ride bike near my house. I notice a frog move slow across the road. I feel worried it might get hurt by a car. I get off my bike and move the frog to clear grass near the sidewalk. The frog stay, and I go home feeling very happy.
On Wednesday at school play soccer lesson recess with my friends. A friend trip fall on ground, feeling hurt in leg feeling bad. I say some help emergency name bring her to office. some help solve idea, and friend okay later feeling nice me.
At school Tuesday for show and tell, I tell my everybody about my dragon that move fire. My friend 1 say dragon are real, which do me sad and confused. I answer with courage around her mean. The teacher say dragon can be magical animal too. My everybody understand and, I feel proud.